hey guys welcome to a live stream if
you're just tuning and let me know in
the comments welcome if you're watching
this on my channel after the live stream
so today I am doing editing tips and
things so I'm very excited I have filmed
a lot of like California vibes travel
videos and so I use a lot of slow-mo and
a lot of things that I usually do when I
edit so I'm like what a great
opportunity let's do some behind the
scenes and so if you aren't subscribed
and you don't have your notifications
turn on hit that Bell right next to the
subscribe button so when I do things
like this live streams you're informed
yes yes just just so exciting so really
quickly I'm gonna make sure everything
is up and going what's up tell me where
you're from
hit smash that like button smash that
mother-father like button so I've I've
been working on my live streaming I'll
see I even got the light I've been
working on my live streaming ish so
hopefully you guys can see the comments
in the chat so basically if you're
curious my live stream you set up I'm
gonna do like I had a live stream video
in the future but right now I'm using
the software Wirecast and I have like a
little LED light coming this way I'm
using this microphone the one that I
occasionally use for podcast it's the
blue snowball mic it's not in the
description below now but I will put it
after the live stream is done and then
yeah I have wire cast on one Apple
monitor and then I'm using this Apple
monitors webcam to say hi to you guys
Orlando Argentina
London oh my goodness this is so
exciting Australia what time is it in
Australia right now
Sam Sam and bam
ohmygosh got a little feedback here okay
so I think everything is good to go
so hi hi hi hi everyone saying hello
so let's get into some editing before I
pull up premiere do you guys have any
general questions about just camera gear
or editing the software this is really
for you let me make sure you know I had
this idea of doing this and having like
the purse proceeds and the super chat
thing to like all proceeds go to the
hurricane harvey thing but i couldn't
figure out how to turn on super chat
super chat is where you can donate to
the streamers I'll figure that out for
the next one
but yeah it's about you guys it's about
editing I see your questions already
coming in England is my city okay good
to go alright let's see question square
everyone is just saying where they where
they're from do you guys want to learn
to edit I love that y'all are reppin
from all over the place over the place
okay have it this is a good question
have you tried clips the clips up by iOS
so it is Apple's iPhone editing app I
have tried it but I'm still craving a I
phone app where you can edit video I
think it's such an important tool I'm
waiting honestly for the moment where I
can just I don't know have my iPhone and
just have like a display pop out and
then I can just pull out a keyboard and
edit with a heads-up display you know
that's what I'm waiting for
okay let's see do you mix audio at all
so because I produce a lot of videos
I spent a lot of time on them but at the
same time it's just I do a lot every
week and so I don't really have time to
spend a lot of effort on audio but if
I'm doing fancier things I might do some
compression or just make sure it's all
leveled out but the most I do in a
normal edit is change the volume levels
because you want to make sure they are
level you don't want the music and you
talking to be too loud so that's
actually a really good place to start
just kind of talking about audio and
easy ways to manipulate the audio just
in terms of the levels so let's let's do
this so I am going to let's see if I can
get this right here we go whoo okay are
we good now
cool this is so exciting me figuring out
live streaming sometimes it's hard to do
both you know I mean all right cool so
the light is all right so this is what
my timeline looks like from the video
I've linked these videos down in
description below so the first one that
we're going to focus on is the Santa
Barbara video
it's a four-minute video it's honestly
one of my favorite edits that I have
done in a while because I used to do a
lot of just recap videos when I would go
and travel and I would never really even
talk in my videos and so oh yeah you
guys are asking good questions and I'm
gonna get I'm gonna get to y'all's
questions but first let's just focus on
the audio so um I'm just gonna play
let's just play this part real quick
[Music]
so okay so that was pretty simple but I
just want to teach you guys some just
key shortcuts
pro tip alert for audio so when this
this is the music the green and then the
blue is the audio that's coming from my
camera so this is me talking so normally
the audio would just be like that but
when you want to turn down things and
you want to do it over time all you have
to do let me do this real quick all you
have to do is press the command button
and then click on the audio and that
forms one of these keyframes and then
you press command click on where you
want the next one and then you can just
adjust from there so that's going to
very smoothly turn down the audio I'll
bring it down and that's just a super
easy way to edit audio and stuff and so
see right here I just kind of faded in
me talking and all about all that's
doing I will just delete that is you
have you can adjust you can turn it up I
bring it up turn it down by going down
you just press command click on it you
get that point command click on you get
that point and you can fade in so that's
I mean I've told actually a lot of
people that and that's new to a lot of
people so hopefully that helps yeah
shortcuts okay so moving on to the next
thing I'm going to try to turn on mmm
I'll have key caster on for the next
stream that's basically where you can
see what buttons I'm pressing because
that's helpful in terms of editing so
moving on from the volume adjustments
and see I'm always like fading into
things so I'm always doing that if you
see see like fade out and here's another
pro tip so in between Clips when you're
talking you'll notice a lot if you watch
vlogs people never do the fade
transitions in between the two clips can
you here in New York out there the
sirens are going people very rarely do
this fade clip thing right here and this
helps with that sound that you like you
get it and that just smooths that over
let me see if I can demonstrate and I I
put a shortcut to where I press shift
command D and it automatically puts a
constant power fade and then I just
shorten it and it you don't get any of
those weird clip clip sounds I don't
know really what to call that let's see
if we can see you just kind of get that
nice fade without it you just kind of
get that weird popping stuff like the
little popping some y'all know what I
mean um also I have my own shortcuts
that are super helpful in terms of I did
a whole video on keyboard shortcuts and
how I use and you can actually download
my shortcuts for you to use so I will
put that in the description after I'm
gonna write these things down so in the
description I'm gonna put snowball and
then shortcuts
and then let's just talk about how I
added edited this video so here's
another pro tip how I organize my
footage so I do shoot a lot of slow-mo
how do you get slow-mo well that's
something that starts in your camera
before you even get into your editing
software so this is a clip of just me
talking but it's a clip that I recorded
in 24 frames per second and this entire
timeline is a 24 frames per second
timeline now if I wanted to slow this
clip down say I slowed it down to 50% it
would look it would look
not that great it would be all actually
doesn't look that bad but the point is
you want to mess it up you want to shoot
in a higher frame rate so you can go
back and post and slow it down so what
the heck does that mean I will explain
what that means so let's come over to my
project window and I have all my footage
so I spent two days in Santa Barbara
I just put it in two folders day one
here's all my footage from day one and
in day two extras I just put random
adjustment layers and sync wences and
then music is all in one folder so I
like to stay organized because if I want
to come into this project after and grab
something I know what I'm it's easier to
navigate and so what I do is I organize
based on frame rate in the beginning and
so any talking footage any normal
footage is gonna be recorded in 24
frames per second okay here's a big
question some people love to film and
deliver their videos and 60 frames per
second that's okay me personally I can't
watch your videos and 60 frames per
second almost makes me sick because it's
just it captures it's not the way you
normally see motion so 24 frames per
second has a natural motion blur to it
it's the way we're used to
think of when I say 60 frames per second
or 24 frames per second that means in
one second of video there's going to be
24 pictures that make up that one second
of video so when you record in 60 frames
per second you have more pictures you
have 60 pictures that form that one
second of video so you're gonna have
more information and the motion is just
gonna be more see how I'm like moving my
arms and there's motion blur if you're
death I can't talk if you were recording
this in a higher frame rate 60 frames
per second you really wouldn't have any
of that motion blur so examples of when
people deliver their content and higher
frame rates when it makes sense is say
it's National Geographic Channel and
there's G cheetahs going across the
great Safari and they're running you
want to see all of that crazy motion
that's when you would record an entire
frame rate like 60 frames per second
video games a lot of the video game
channels on YouTube will upload their
videos in 60 frames per second because
that is just the way video games are and
you want to see everything that's
happening in a video game you don't want
any lag at all so it makes sense for
that I will tell you what it doesn't
make any sense with is when you are just
filming a normal blog or freaking Jimmy
Fallon I think or no Jimmy Kimmel UPS
uploads his videos in 60 frames per
second I don't get it I know I got on a
little rant little miniature Sarah my
screen is so small but does that make
sense
I let me look at the comments real quick
I just want to make sure if that makes
sense because a lot of people ask me
about slow-mo and it depends if you are
located over across the pond
you have the NTSC versus PAL system so
people in the UK will shoot in 25 frames
per second instead of 24 frames per
second that's just technicalities if
you're in the US just know that when
you're shooting camera normal camera so
if you're talking to the camera record
in 24 frames per second if you want to
slow it down at all you can record in 30
frame
this would be good to like note down if
you're taking notes if you run our
record and slow Matt slow up slow-mo at
all you record in 30 frames per second
and then you can slow it down a little
bit so you would slow it down to 80% in
Premiere you just press command R and
you get this window that pops up you
can't see it for some reason
that's really weird press command are
still figuring out this livestream thing
I think I need to change my window thing
press command R in your clip and speed
duration will pop up and then it says
speed is 100% because you haven't
manipulated it at all so if you're
recording 30 frames per second you can
slow it down to 80% and you'll still get
the it'll still look fantastic if you
want to even slower you want to record
in 60 frames per second and slow it down
to 40% and you'll get nice buttery
smooth slow motion and this is an
example of a 60 frames per second slow
motion so I recorded all of this in 60
frames it might be lagging since it's a
live stream but it's just really smooth
if you can tell yeah and then if you
want super slo-mo if your camera can
handle it record an hundred twenty
frames per second and then adjust the
speed to 20% so that means the clip is
now 20% it's like 20% slower
we're not 20% slower it's just 20% of
what it would have been if it was 100%
slow those kind of confusing I hope that
made sense but the way I organize things
this is gonna be super helpful if you
are recording a lot of different frame
rates you want to keep keep it in order
what I do is I go to my project folder
and I look at all my footage I put it in
list mode and I organize it based on
frame rate so all of the 24 frames per
second clips I'm gonna leave labeled as
the blue color and then all of my clips
so these are 50 60 frames per second so
the
60 frames per second I'm going to
right-click I'm going to right-click and
label them rose this is very upsetting
that you can't see any of the pop-up
windows I think I need to change
something in my live stream but do you
right-click you label it to a different
color and then I go to my hundred twenty
second frames per second clips and I
label it to orange so what does that
mean why do you do that it is easier to
view your footage in the thumbnail
format in this format where you can see
it you can drag your mouse over it to
preview um and this is just a way easier
way to preview the video so say I want
to let's see take this clip and I want
I'm gonna set my in an out point so I
want that clip to go into my project so
I'm gonna drag it but once I drag it
onto the timeline I know
from the moment I drag it on that it's
slo-mo because look it's pink it's not
blue it's pink so that means I can slow
it down to 40% speed and so that's how I
do slow-mo quick and I do a lot of speed
ramps I think it adds to the excitement
so I'll go on we will talk about this
segment mmm
first of all are there any questions
okay people want a printable cheat sheet
to put up next to your computer maybe oh
my gosh guys that sounds like an e-book
I should go all Tai Lopez and say right
now by my slow-mo editing ebook for a
$9.99 and it's funny you can really tell
who is not peachy fan in this live
stream we got some freaking randos
saying terrible things if you see some
of that I don't know if you can block
them or hide them or give them a down
boat I don't know how that works but
you're not welcome here if you're gonna
be negative you know I'm saying but most
of you guys are amazing and positive and
helping each other out in the comments
it's amazing so do you still like Sony
that is a fantastic question because I'm
actually posting a video Monday talking
about I'm selling a camera but yes I
still like Sony the majority of my
cameras or Sony or Sony so what is your
decision process and workflow for what
to record and 20 24 60 and 100 so I
think I did kind of explain that um let
me enlarge this
okay ready don't be scared guys but I
just got bigger
oh no but word from here ago there we go
um okay so a good question um so a lot
of you guys are wondering how do I
choose to record like what do I record
in slow-mo so I mean I think you kind of
have a mental and like I love using
slow-mo and so when I just want to make
sure I always have a mix of maybe I'm
driving in a car I want some
establishment shots but it's bumpy in
the road so a great time you use slow-mo
is if you want those shots out of the
car but it's super bumpy
so using slow-mo is a way to smooth out
that ride so a good example I think I
have one yeah like right here let me
[Music]
down
okay so this is a good example of when
to use slow-mo although I don't think I
slow mode it here this up here yeah so
it was just Mountain footage but that's
at 20 percent so that and I kind of
speed ramped it up so I'll show you this
clip real quick
[Music]
so I like to do stuff like that where
it's like super fast and then when it
goes to slo-mo it's even a more dramatic
effect and so basically what I did with
this I wish you guys could see it um but
if I if you press command R for the clip
speed duration and so I made this clip
to 300% if you can see that tiny and
then I made the next clip twenty percent
so it speeds up and then it slows down
and I honestly couldn't use that clip
for a lot for a while because we were in
the car and it was bumpy and shaky but
because it was 120 frames per second I
was able to slow it down and like you
know show a little bit of the
establishment shot so a lot of times
when I like to use slow-mo and it's very
typical to use the slow-motion is when
you have a lot of motion going on so
here is an example my poor computer is
doing so many things right now let me
try it so I'm using my new MacBook Pro
has a lot of power but there's a lot of
different video things going on so let's
try
so that's obviously slowing them and
then I have speed ramp to speed ramp it
so that's super it's basically when
there's motion you know the water was
flying up I was doing crazy stuff that's
a good example of when you use slow
motion cuz that's fun I mean when I when
you're jumping into water when you're
doing something crazy where you want to
see that motion it's a really cool way
to add excitement into your videos I'm
biased I have always used slow them okay
here's a good question I know we're
talking about slow-mo a lot but it's a
question I get a lot so Mel Mel Mel asks
Sarah when should you not use slow
motion fantastic question so you should
not lose you should not use it's
interesting we do live streams because
you can't have cuts this is the raw and
real Sarah can she really talk who knows
don't use slow motion when in like
boring things if you're just walking
down the street and you do slow motion
of a pothole and then you lead that up
with slow motion of just more subjects
that aren't moving I think here's a good
pro tip slow motion is super exciting
when there's a lot going on when there's
a lot moving so a example of that which
is actually what I do a lot is let's see
if there's an example in this video
I don't know but what I do a lot is I'll
shoot in slow-mo
so I'll shoot in 60 or 120 frames per
second and I'll be shooting something
moving but as I'm shooting maybe people
walking or someone doing something
exciting
I will also move the camera steadily and
I will zoom in so when using the rx100
cameras you can zoom just using this and
so like as I'm shooting slow-mo and as
I'm moving I'm also going to be like
zooming in which I think you'll notice
in a lot of my vlogs and then if I don't
do that in camera I'll actually come in
and do it in like via premiere so I'll
show you how to zoom in to a video over
time if you learn how to use keyframes
you can do literally anything in
premiere so I'll show you how to do that
does that make sense
pothole slow-mo was going to be my next
feature film I am so sorry that I did
that okay so you guys are saying block
someone is someone just being a troll
but she should okay I'll just wait until
he says sorry John just text me he's
coming in town let me just text him back
real quick and we'll wait maybe for the
troll to say something
don't dab on the haters ignore the
haters am i right I'm excited for John
to be in New York very exciting
oh speaking of John he just commented I
just texted you back boom okay
so honestly guys if there's a troll just
ignore this is how - okay I'm gonna
explain keyframes so strap in if you
know keyframes you know how to do
anything so I think I actually did in
this clip let's look so you go to
effects controls so I did it but I'm
actually seeing this clip okay let's do
it on this one so this is just a very
slow mo clip of the palm-trees
couldn't find the words for palm trees
so usually what I do to make slow motion
Clips or just normal clip so usually
slow motion because this is a smooth way
to do it to make a more exciting I will
gradually zoom into the clip as it's
doing slow-mo it just makes it more
exciting
you know so what you do is you make sure
your playhead is at the start of the
clip and you keyframe so it says toggle
animation you click that and that's
gonna add this keyframe up here so do
you see that that little dot and you can
move it and moving it up here this thing
up here is the same timeline as the
length of this clip so I want to put
this keyframe to the very left
so that means it's gonna start at a 100
scale so that means it's just gonna
start normal and then over time I want
it to zoom into like that much yes a so
when I do that that's gonna add another
keyframe right here so it says okay it's
starting at 100% and now look at what it
does over here it gradually now zooms in
and so since I want this to happen over
the entire period in the clip I'm gonna
grab this keyframe and just drag all the
way to the right so now we have it
zooming it and that adds like a really
cool effect let me do it a super
dramatic one so you'll be able to tell
and this is these arrows right here are
also a very good way to navigate in
between keyframes and so I'm at this
first keyframe I want to automatically
skip to the next one I'm just gonna
press that and I'm gonna say let's zoom
in to like 184 I mean that's gonna be
ridiculous but see zooms in super quick
so that doesn't look cool but hopefully
you get the point and once you
understand how to use keyframes you can
literally do anything anything so the
point of keyframes is just to change one
of these attributes over time so when
you can add keyframes physically to
audio done here you can take the volume
to from negative three point zero seven
and then add another keyframe down here
and you can bring it all the way down to
negative 42 if you want to change the
position at this clip over time if you
wanted it like over here for some reason
you can add keyframes and adjust it at
what time you want it so now this clip
moves like that so you can I mean you
can do this with anything you can do it
with opacity so what I have set here is
if I click on this clip and I press
command like I'm adding the keyframes
down here this actually controls the
opacity so it's a really easy way to
fade in an
of your clips so if I do that it's gonna
gradually fade out like that so there's
a lot of things you can do with
keyframes you can also like rotate
rotate rotate rotate it over a certain
amount of time yeah there's a lot of
things that you can do questions
comments concerns
oh my gosh John you don't have my edge
my boyfriend is literally communicating
through the YouTube live comments so I
need to send him my address so he knows
right hold on guys
[Music]
sorry about that what up girl get on
final cut oh he's the guy that sang zoom
into your tits okay so we will block him
I found him guys
so I blocked him it's a shame people are
so lame proud to have most of you guys
the cool peachy fan okay questions
comments concerns I blocked him guys I
blocked him
danten danten danten
okay um is there any way I don't know if
there's a way to block words in my chat
honestly honestly every time I
livestream
oh wow no I'm very blown out every time
I livestream I learned something new and
so these are learning processes with you
but what I like about live streams is
it's an actual conversation with you so
you guys can ask me your editing
questions and hopefully I can get to
some of you I mean maybe one day I'll
have a more organized way of doing this
to where maybe you can sign up to a more
select group let me know if that seems
fun to where maybe it's just maybe ten
of you in a live stream I don't really
know how to I don't know if I can do
that on YouTube but I think there's a
lot of room for me to teach what I've
been doing since sixth grade I love
video editing I love capturing video so
yeah Denton didn't-didn't okay let's see
questions do you have a certain editing
structure for vlogs that you use to
guide yourself when editing them so
usually it's the most helpful when you
have an idea what your video is before
so you kind of think what is the center
of the video but that wasn't the case
for this video this one was just a
hodgepodge of stuff and I was actually
going to make like two different videos
but it was more of a vacation and so I
discovered hmm I don't actually have a
lot of footage from this so it just
became a big montage type thing but it's
still told a story here's a another pro
tip what I like to do if you watch any
of my other travel videos you guys can
go creep on my channel for more what I
do usually is the no matter how many day
is that the video spans in between I
think I pulled clips from two or three
days for this video it always goes from
the start of the day to the end so
you'll see going out in daylight or like
maybe in the morning and then it's
afternoon and then the Sun is setting so
you'll see that transition you'll see
the Sun setting and then it's the night
footage so very rarely will it be like
night footage eating lunch eating
breakfast having dinner like because
that doesn't really make sense to the
viewer so you want to make sure that
you're telling somewhat of a cohesive
story and that the one element that I
always keep consistent is kind of the
time frame I just go from the start of
the day to the end of the day no matter
how many actual days of footage I have
does that make sense it was a good
question the gold question I have skater
boy stuck in my head okay let's see what
are you guys chatting about
how do you pronounce your last name can
anyone help that person pronounce my
last name
it is Sava DG rhymes with peachy um the
editing program is Adobe Premiere CC do
you do critiques of newbies videos I
don't know you guys have given me a lot
of good ideas during the streams the
stream would you guys want me to do
critiques of your video that's kind of
weird it's kind of a harsh word but
maybe you could send me videos and I
could just give feedback I'll do
feedbacks maybe how do you zoom in tight
and wide without the audio changing the
audio that shouldn't affect the audio at
all because all you're doing here's a
clip with the audio all you're doing is
you're changing the keyframes up here of
the scale so it doesn't affect the OTT
te o everyone's like rhymes with peachy
footage organization please I did
briefly cover that in the beginning but
if you can see it's just day one day two
and then I actually go through my clips
in the thumbnail format so this is super
helpful for me to keep it like this
because it's just easier to see and you
can enlarge them to make them bigger
like that but the most important thing
that I do is I make sure to organize by
frame rates before so all of my 60 frame
rates are pink all of my 120 frames
clips are orange so that way when I drag
them onto the timeline I can tell what
is slow
so yeah let's see I'm gonna take a few
more questions and then I think jhanas
should be arriving so I should probably
clean up the apartment a little bit
I'm the worst I'm like texting
I shouldn't be texting right now few
more questions few more questions canon
or sony sony start start all over i
missed everything this video will be
uploaded after it probably wasn't the
best structured video i do want to make
these as structured as possible but to
where i can answer your questions and i
think that comes with the more I do this
the easier it'll get what are your
thoughts on optical flow that's just
another slow-mo option I always thought
the optical flow option just looks kind
of tacky let's see how do you decide
what footage makes the vlog if it adds
to the story it's gonna make it in the
vlog I have cut really cool stuff but it
just doesn't it doesn't make sense to
the video on making and so I will I mean
you you guys have not seen so much
footage just because it doesn't make
sense with things so that's an important
listen listen listen don't get really
attached to footage just because you
shot it doesn't mean you have to use it
quote me on that that's a good quote
please make more live streams okay
do you use all auto settings for focus
iso etc on your rx100
yes I do
let me I'm just gonna make my face a
little bit bigger as I'm answering
y'all's questions so the Sony rx100 is
this guy it is my main vlogging camera
and so usually when I'm using the rx100
I want it to be as convenient as
possible and so I literally use all auto
settings on here the only things that I
will change when you put a battery in
this so I can the only things I will
change is sometimes it doesn't expose
right
so click pro tip is you can press down
oops
maybe not so we'll do it like this you
can press the down button and that's
going to bring up the exposure meter and
you can take it to the right if you want
it brighter you can take it to the left
if you want it darker and that's gonna
help you when you're shooting all in
Auto to brighten things or darken things
without messing up your auto settings
where do you get your music from
SoundCloud people getting music for
YouTube videos is terrible it's like a
terrible process maybe one day we can go
more into that I heard epidemic music is
good
okay so yeah okay so the last thing that
I see some people asking about and then
we will in this live stream is what did
I use let me turn this light back on
what did I use to color this so I
actually use I use magic bullet film in
the past I've used what else have I used
oh I've used the luma tree color panel
that you can just go into premiere and
search luma tree lights in the way the
luma tree color panel right there but I
recently bought film convert convert
yeah film convert Pro and so it's
basically it's something that you just
drag onto a clip and this clip is a good
example of something that looks super
filmy
I just like the film look and hopefully
don't go and buy preset things too
quickly because I might be working on
something for you guys T in order to
achieve some the looks that I've done
over the past for ever's but yep so on
this clip so I edit basically how I
apply color is I apply it to an
adjustment layer above that clip and so
it allows you oh you can't see because
my face is too big should tell me guys
[Music]
this this right here is called an
adjustment layer how you get an
adjustment layers you just go to new
and adjustment layers somewhere yeah new
adjustment layer but you got to have
this highlighted so new adjustment layer
and then you drag it over and you apply
whatever effect you want to add on to
that adjustment layer so the effect was
film converts Pro and so as you can tell
it kind of gives me high telemetry so
this is the film I look goofy there I
look awesome there so this is without
any color grading at all so no color
grading at all this is actually shot
with my Sony a7r - with a 35 millimeter
f/2 lens it's a beautiful lens and this
is with film convert and then luma tree
color just to add some contrast so film
convert is a way to just make your stuff
look fill neat and cool so this was the
polaroid 635 million and i just i
tweaked things a lot but the reason why
to use adjustment layers is you can add
this one effect to all of these clips
underneath so any any effect you add to
this adjustment layer it's going to be
applied to every single clip below it so
there's a lot of stuff that you guys can
do I'm gonna do an entire video on how
I've color graded things very soon
because I might be working on something
for you guys maybe some presets maybe
some presets so yeah
all right haha people are like yes nut
packs I might be making some nuts for
you and if you don't know what what
means it is lookup table lookup tables
because with all of these applications
that I've used it's only been a little
it's been like a piece they've been
tools but I always add things to it it's
like a conglomerate of things that I do
to color grade so with lots and look-up
tables it's a look that's like my look
and it'll be able to give my look to you
with one button there's just gonna be
super cool nuts for days someone Scott
why do you want me to bring back the
spectacles so bad would it make you
happy if I put on spectacles for you
because you have been commenting that so
much I just I don't understand
I don't you want me to
okay Scott I hope this is gonna make
make you happy oh they don't even work
because they're not charged
well that was depressing welp Scott
there you go here's my spectacles
I don't snapchat anymore I'm all about
the Instagram stories follow me on
Instagram so yeah okay homies my yeah my
fellow creators keep hustling out there
I might I'll probably have a new podcast
tonight trying to do those on the daily
the daily peach you can follow me on
anchor the link is in the description
below I will add all those things that I
said I would add in the description
below
like the snowball mic that I've been
using my throat hurts from talking for
so long and then my short cuts video
because a lot of you guys were asking
about short cuts
so yeah and yes the Luntz things is with
Sawyer Hartman which I'm very excited
about are you guys excited speak with
the Texas accent that kiss is enough for
you
y'all anyways okay this was real I want
to thank you from the bottom of my heart
for hanging out oh oh and if you're
still here how about you just throw me a
like keeps throwing me a like button
really quick that would be fantastic so
it it'll get served up in the algorithm
i think am i doing youtube right am i
youtubing right guys anyways thanks for
tuning in I should probably be a good
girlfriend and see if John can get home
safely from the airport love you guys
you're awesome
thanks so much stay PG I kept BAE